9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Yvon Man with David and
Glass.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today are Asian markets
rise as the sell America trade gaining
some steam as you can see on your
screens amid concerns over the Fed's
independence.
>> Mainland Chinese stocks in focus after
record turnover helps push the Shanghai
comp to its highest in more than 10
years. Meanwhile, sources tell Bloomberg
that Beijing's begun a probe [music]
into Jane Street and other foreign firms
over trading in the nearly $860 billion
ETF market.
>> Plus, President Trump announces new
tariffs on countries doing [music]
business with Iran, threatening the US
trade truce with China, Thrron's [music]
biggest customer.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning. [music] Welcome to the
China show. Lots to get into today and
as you can see the story across equity
markets is an up arrow one. We're
getting a few sort of drivers today
across some of the support and the
tailwinds coming through in these
markets. Right. Number one is Japan. And
as you can see, that's a really strong
tailwind, three and a half%. It's
reopening today. Long weekend. You have
snap elections and the early verdict
coming out of investors. That's a
bullish one. That's a good one for
equity markets. Uh sources are also
telling us Taiwan is coming online. The
TSMC of course big rally overnight. one
and a half percent in the early goings
uh that we could be close to a deal a
trade deal uh with the United States.
There's also the tech play that's
playing out across the Cosby index. It
also helps that the dollar has without I
think with today being the exception of
course has still been on a downward
trend. Dollar index is coming up but as
you can see of course the weakness as
well in the Japanese currency offsetting
what I just mentioned there. We're not
trading near one year low still on the
Japanese currency as well. Now, of
course, the other big headline, in case
you missed that, that Donald Trump
threatening terrorists for any place
that does effectively trading uh with
Iran. The market's simply just brushing
that off as we speak. Uh precious metals
very much in focus the last few days or
so. We're seeing that as you can see,
pair back. Ladium futures down about 4%.
Copper is also seeing a little bit of
weakness going into the session today.
A50 futures, a lot of focus is on the
Chinese markets. Very, very strong
session into the close here in Hong
Kong. 3% up on the HSN tech index
separately 1 one and a half% gains into
the close in the onore markets and we're
talking about turnover of course 3 and a
half trillion for the very first time
some strength coming through as you can
see the Chinese currency Barclays by the
way is joining us later on they have a
non-conent to skull that the strength we
saw in the currency uh that's not going
to last very very long and they're
perhaps going to walk that back okay
just very quickly there we go we talked
about this three and a half trillion for
the very very first time which is
indicative I guess of the liquidity and
ample conditions there.
>> Yeah. And continues to be maybe that AI
play as you mentioned, but really I
think you take a look at how Asia is
being fared for the narrative that's
being played out it seems for 2026 is
that it is sort of the I guess safer
alternative to what dollar assets are
looking like today. When you talk about
the Fed independence now in question
with these subpoenas that we got and
certainly did send some shock waves to
of course uh central bank watchers and
the like. And then you add what we've
been hearing the last few weeks, whether
it's the affordability concerns that
President Trump seems to be addressing
ahead of the midterms here. Just
yesterday, it really was about capping
those credit card rates as well. So
certainly, is that going to be more of a
focus for for the US side of things,
domestic sort of politics, and maybe
that perhaps sends a lot of investors
abroad a bit.
>> Yeah. And I think the call coming
through, I think, I think it was PIMCO,
there's a story out today that it might
actually lead to higher rates. I like
how our our colleagues at MI phrased it
yesterday, right? Don't focus too much
in Fed independence. Focus on the
divisions within the Fed just because
it's very very difficult to tell really
where that you know where rates are
going to go and whether or not there are
able to lower rates or if we end up in a
situation where higher rates because the
economy is would be doing better than
we're expecting going into uh the latter
part of 2026.
>> Yeah. And it's interesting too. I think
you actually had a good good take on it.
why maybe markets are ready to at least
shrug this off is you know you know
Powell is expected to step down
regardless this year. I mean any sort of
criminal charge against him is really
just attacking a lame duck at this
point. So if it actually changes
anything in terms of the calculus around
the Fed that could still be up for
debate as well. So yes obviously the the
initial knee-jerk reaction was of course
dollar lower which is certainly going to
be a key question we're going to be
asking uh Barlay is coming up here in
Lemon Jang joining us in the next hour.
But yes, the latest when it comes to
Iran too, it does have a little bit of
this sort of spheres of influence going
to flare to it and maybe these tariffs
that they're imposing on on countries
that do business with Iran could be
targeting China a little bit too.
>> I mean, it's making the before we get
into the story, it's really making the
US side of the equation a lot more
complex for it's introducing new
narratives that we're not really used to
the model not used to. You know, in the
meantime, you have Korea, that massive
uh headline coming out of SKH Highix
that's bullish on the Korean market. You
have the snap elections in Japan. We see
how Japan is reacting to that. We know
this earning story that's coming through
in the Chinese mainland, right? All of
these things are present you with a
shinier city on the hill compared to
where you are with the US. But yes, uh
let's get to that story right now. So
25%
uh that's the rate that Donald Trump
says the US will impose in terms of
tariffs on countries doing business uh
with Iran. That's his post of course.
Now Tan's top trading partners include
China, India. Let's bring in our chief
Asia correspondent Rosalyn Mat uh
joining us from Singapore this morning
to talk us through the details of what
we know so far about this and how
Rosalyn this is going to work. Yes. What
do we know and what are the intentions
here?
Well, there's a lot we don't know
because Donald Trump announced this on
social media saying as you say 25%
tariff on countries that do business
with Iran, but we don't know. Is that on
top of existing tariffs? If so, quite
damaging potentially. When does it take
effect? He says immediately, but
normally these tariffs have come with a
lag that allows countries, companies,
customs officials to get their heads
around it and work out how it's going to
work. So, does it take effect straight
away? If so, how is it going to work?
What what authority is he using to enact
these tariffs? Is it the 1977 law that
he's used for reciprocal tariffs? That
of course is very much before the courts
at the moment, the Supreme Court um for
review and possibly to knock all those
tariffs down. What impact might it have
on on some of these key customers
including China, India, obviously also
Turkey, Russia, but also will it change
behavior if that's the goal of all of
this? If you look at, for example, you
know, the the penalties put on India
over Russian oil, that did squeeze the
Russian economy potentially, but has it
changed Vladimir Putin's behavior when
it comes to the war in Ukraine? So,
would it actually do anything to shift
the course of the Iranians? Because it
seems authorities there, they've been
willing for years to tolerate a lot of
risk to their economy in order to
continue to have their hold on power.
and adding a 25% tariff for China. I
mean, that certainly is going to ruffle
some feathers, I'm guessing, in Beijing,
you know, to what extent do you think
this could actually disrupt or at least
impact this trade truce that the US has
had on China last year?
>> Well, that's one of the big questions.
Obviously, you've got this trade truce
between China and the US that has been
holding um you know, all these
underlying tensions that are still in
reality there about the way that they
interact both with business and trade
and investment. But this trade truce has
been holding. China is probably going to
look upon this um quite quite
unfavorably because of course the US
didn't come at them um over Russian
energy. they came at India instead and
that was Donald Trump really wanting to
preserve some level of conversation with
China when it comes to trade and not to
really dent that relationship further.
Is this something that could do that?
But again, there's so much we don't know
about this purported 25% tariff. Will it
take effect? When does it take effect?
How are they going to work out what it
takes effect on uh when it comes to
countries like China? So, you probably
see Beijing take a real wait and see
approach. you know, we're only just
going off Donald Trump's announcement on
social media. Do we get clarity uh as
the US day comes back around and does
China respond more foolsomely then?
And just the latest specifically on the
protests on the ground, we've heard from
officials in Iran that they have quelled
and you know they're in full control, I
believe is the term that they used. Uh
security forces over what's taking place
there. What do we know exactly?
>> Well, that's right. So Iranian officials
are saying that they've got full control
again of the country. This is the
foreign minister primarily who's been
saying this. Um and obviously state TV
is showing pro- regime rallies around
the country, but it's very unclear on
the ground if those protests are
dissipating entirely. Obviously they've
been cracking down extensively. There's,
you know, human rights groups are saying
that 500 people, more than 500 people
have been killed. But really, you know,
this still remains a very existential
threat to the regime. You can see the
level of discontent. It started again
over the economy. You know, the economy
has been protractedly weak, you know,
for for for a very long time. You've got
that plus you've now got concern about
the regime. So, this has turned into
something much bigger and putting a lid
on that is quite difficult. So for now
the regime says or they claim they're
fully in control but we need to see you
know in reality is that actually the
case.
Ros thank you Rosalyn Matis there our
chief Asia correspondent joining us out
of Singapore with the latest. Still
ahead more from the UBS Greater China
conference on its opening day in
Shanghai. We got Steve on the ground
there speaking [music] of course to the
head of China Global Markets Thomas
Fang. He joins us in a moment. Plus, we
speak exclusively with former
Philadelphia Fed President Patrick
Harker and BU CFO [music] Henry Hu. And
we are coming down the opener markets in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong after
what [music] was pretty robust sort of
rally yesterday. Can that continue?
Looks set to be the case. Futures are up
this morning. This is the China show.
We saw a huge interest coming back on
the Chinese markets. Uh you know stock
performance was great and uh we see it
today. I mean we have almost 3,600
participants. Uh you go through [music]
uh across the board from corporates,
institutional clients, family offices uh
and uh you not coming from also all over
the world. We see also more uh uh
interest uh from overseas uh uh which is
indicating uh the momentum of the
Chinese market.
>> There you go. That was Sergey Ematsi,
the CEO of UBS speaking with us
exclusively of course at the Greater
China Conference at the bank in Shanghai
where of course Steve will be joining us
in a couple of minutes to talk us
through I think specifically the outlook
for Chinese equities and the starting
point really is a good one. Uh so after
the close after the Monday session with
the exception of the CSI 300 which is a
point or two I believe short of a 4-year
high it's been testing that though we'll
see uh Shanghai comp decade high
Shenzhen decade high Chinese index
four-year high momentum's been in the
case and of course we've talked about
turnover which has been very very uh
strong and active
>> and we'll talk about the earnings side
of things because everyone was saying
last year that you know liquidity can
only take you so far it's really the
earnings that have to play out and
actually come back in a meaningful way
for this rally to continue. So, is that
going to be the narrative for 2026?
We'll talk a little bit more about that.
You are starting to see some earnings
upgrades when it comes to EPS. Uh, but
yes, we have the perfect guest to kind
of talk us through all this at the UBS
Greater China Conference in Shanghai.
Our chief Asia correspondent, Stephen
Engel, is there with him right now.
Steve?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, that's right. That perfect guest
you're talking about, Ivon, is Tommy
Fang. He is of course UBS head of China
global markets
>> and again a great host for us here
exclusively.
>> Welcome
>> at the Greater China Conference of UBS
in Shanghai. 26 years going strong right
now. So we just heard that the outlook
for the Asare market in China is looking
pretty positive. You expect another
positive year. What are going to be the
catalysts?
>> Well, after a strong 2025, it's really
difficult not to be optimistic. So we
have the earning growth, we have the
valuation game and also we're really
looking for some of the policy u tail
wings given it is the first year of the
15th 5-year plan.
>> That's right. Well, they want to boost
consumption uh obviously as the main
driver. Is that something you see uh
they have the policy tools uh to do?
>> So there a couple of things right. So
obviously there's a vibrant part of the
economy uh the high you know high-end
manufacturing the AI related many of
those renewable energies but what you
and I were talking about is the broader
base um sort of a growth which
consumption uh will be a key um we we
have been suggesting for the governments
hopefully the two session will give us
something whether they will put a GDP
nominal GDP growth target which implies
the price and the growth or a target for
consumption as a percentage of GDP.
Those target will be very helpful to set
the uh you know set the goal.
>> Yeah, that's something I've heard quite
a bit about. I mean Steven Roach talked
to me about that like saying they should
maybe set it at 50% of GDP or something
like that. Do you think an actual target
like GDP they always say they set a
target at the National People's
Congress. Do you think setting a hard
and fast target would spur the kind of
numbers that they want?
>> I would think so. I think once you can
quantify you can improve.
>> So, so I think percentage of consumption
of the GDP is one um sort of a measures
a lot of people talking about but you
know we we discuss uh as I alluded to
earlier have a nominal GDP growth not
the real GDP growth so that means uh you
you put together along with the price
movement that will be also encouraging
way to look at it.
>> Let's go back to the markets and see
kind of your projections. You're looking
at the Msei China uh hitting 100. It's
about 87 before the market opened today,
implying about a 15% upside. Also, the
CSI 300 is about, as David was just
mentioning, it's about 22% off its 2007
all-time high. Are we going to start
testing that because of the gains that
you're looking at?
>> Well, many market have tested and broke
uh last year. So, so definitely no
reason uh for China not to. So, 15%
that's a reasonable one. We we estimate
roughly about 10% EPS growth with a bit
of valuation reweing but the scenario
can be even more positive.
>> Okay. What are going to be the catalyst
because AI enthusiasm has been a big
driver of IPOs in Hong Kong but also uh
in the Ashare market. Uh is it a bubble
though? What are the risks of a bubble?
>> Sure. I think a couple of things. If you
talk about the the momentum for China,
you you're here at the conference, you
just see the you know a few of the
bikes, right? So we have record uh
attendees many of them from Europe and
the US they are the big investors. So
other you know you know besides all the
points we have discussed the
diversification needs from global
investor plus the policy expectation
given it's the first year of 15's uh
5year plan will be the two new catalyst
uh for China equities market.
>> How important will anti-involution be in
2026 to stop the race to the bottom in
key industries? uh they've gained market
share in EVs, in battery, in solar. Uh
there's there's there's a bit of a race
to the bottom as well in the AI plays.
There's no profitability forecasted
right now. So, how important will the
campaigns of anti-involution to stop
those race to the bottom, stop the price
wars to improve corporate profitability?
>> Sure. I think um the narrative um has
been very clear since last year. I think
this year investor uh expect to see some
results and also the other side of the
coin is when you have over supply also
implies weaker demand. So having that
stimulus for consumption and then boost
up the demand will be another side of
the equation. So implement and then get
those supply side story for anti-
evvolutions but at the same time really
boost the demand and then get the
consumption growing.
>> What does that mean for the inflation
outlook? Can we end more than three
years of factory gate deflation this
year or is that going to be pretty much
pushed to next year?
>> There's a lag effect to you know pricing
power.
>> Yeah, agreed. I I think some of the data
um seems already seeing so we're at the
tipping point. So the the prices getting
positive uh momentum. We hope to see you
know some of those consistency uh months
after months and plus some of the policy
tailwind because a lot of them is the
consumer and investors behavior right
once the expectation changes you're sort
of a self-fulfilling to get the price uh
on the upward turn.
>> Do you think it's self-fulfilling
because again I think households are
still pretty reluctant to spend on big
ticket items when their household paper
wealth has been diminished so much by
the property meltdown. Are there going
to be maybe out of NPC or other policy
tools that can be employed to pretty
much put a floor on the property market?
>> Right.
>> Well, sort of a sentiment. It's it's a
it's a it's it's a funny thing, right?
So, it accumulates and it come to a
turning point and then it goes the other
ways. So I think besides the point you
mentioned about the property market what
is really driving the potential um
positive sentiment is really the equity
market performance. So if you look at
the US so one of the key performing you
know asset price is the equities market.
So that sort of a leads to and fuse the
the consumption and also the confidence.
I think China is on the right path. uh
China just need to have a few more
quarter and potentially years of that
consistent positive performance equity
market.
>> How how big a theme will be the stocks
that are really focused on the going
abroad theme? How important will that
be? Because it seems as though we're
seeing where America is trying to
attract investment into the United
States. It's sort of created an opening
for China to invest elsewhere in the
world building factories uh and creating
jobs around the world. How much of a
strong theme will those going abroad uh
stocks be?
>> It is very important. I think that's one
of our key research theme. Um it also in
many ways it would even out some of the
tension between US and China in
particular. Just imagine if BYID uh is
allowed to open factories in the US. So
that would balance out sort of the trade
deficit creates job for us and also you
know bring some of the capacities away
from China into a major market for the
company. So in many ways a win-win. So
>> that's a big ask though for
[clears throat] BYD and the United
States. Even just Europe and China have
finally found an agreement on minimum
pricing for EVs in the EU. But the US
seems like it's going to be a far-off
goal for many Chinese companies.
Wouldn't you agree?
>> Uh it's up to Washington.
>> Yeah.
>> I think in many ways the Chinese
corporates is willing um Chinese
government is is uh flexible. U it make
economic sense
>> but if the narrative uh shifts so maybe
it's from the April summit right between
and Trump and those are the things you
know because Trump always asks countries
to invest into the US. Why not China?
So,
>> so we got about three more months to
find out whether Trump is coming to
China. That will be a big momentous
occasion. Obviously, coming to China to
meet Xiinping on Chinese soil. Tommy,
thanks so much for your time. Tommy
Fang, I'm going to send it back to you,
Dave and Ivonne. And Tommy of course
says, "Hi, friend of the show."
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah. And David,
>> send our regards. Okay, that's I'm
trying to do a Godfather theme there.
Okay, tell him I said hello. Uh Steven
Engel there with Tommy Fang there on the
ground. Uh just very quickly we had the
fix of the day out just we were well I
was waiting to see if it was going to be
sub 701 just a touch above that uh still
on the stronger side of things. The rem
of course has been stronger slightly
weaker right now from the cutoff. Uh
what is strong is this equity market
1.3% in the early goings 27,000
uh on the hen index and giga device and
hongching are the two debuts today and
split the difference we're good by about
50% closing the discount really to the
Asia market. uh on that on the debut
here as far as giga devices is
concerned. Pymorehead this is the China
show.
Plenty of superlatives to watch on your
stock rally here today in China. So
10-year highs is what we saw in the
Shanghai Composite yesterday. Still
watching that record turnover that we
saw yesterday as well. Remember strength
certainly is a key theme. Some listings
[music] we talked to you about giga
device we just talked about as well. EV
sector that's a key one today. Let's
show what we've seen the reaction here
given the fact that the EU and China
seem to have compromised in a way of
weighing minimum prices for EVs exported
from China replacing tariffs that seems
to be [music] helping the EV sector
today.
>> Yeah, it really is 5% xpong. BYD is up
3%. So NEO and as you can see some of
the [music] other peers are uh
outperforming early in the session.
That's also to say that the rest of the
market is also doing well with tech up
[music] give or take about 1%. Biden is
a stock we're tracking after revisions
there on the price targets. The opening
bell is just ahead. This is the China
show.
Welcome back. Another day uh another
live view of the exchange [music] where
several other companies are debuting in
Hong Kong today. The one we're focused
in on and again not to trivialize the
others. [music] Uh but given the theme
that that's emerged really in terms of
market favorites is semis and chips
[music] and hardware and giga device as
you can see is up 45%. Interesting. The
ticker [music] in the onore market is
986.
The 8 share [music] ticker just removes
the 603986
which I think is an easier way
relatively to [music] to remember that.
But yes, giga device anything but in
terms of the share moves going into the
the open today. Ivon.
>> Yeah, home to cold chain. You don't want
to overlook that one as well. Doing
quite well. This is all about I think
cold storage. Uh that's one thing to
watch. So three gongs here today. It's
going to be a banger.
>> There you go. Don't let yourself uh yes,
another year, another day for an IPO for
Hong Kong. There you go. Um certainly
that's going to be one thing to watch
here and really that is why people are
saying sentiment is looking a little bit
better, right? You have the IPO pipeline
that continues to deliver here for Hong
Kong. Uh and overall, we'll talk about
the earning story that seems to be
starting to see incremental sort of
progress as well. But this is what the
online markets are looking at so far
here today on shore, I should say. But
yes, very stellar debut for these two.
flip the boards and see how everything
is going cuz you talked about the
milestones Dave 10year highs when it
comes to Shanghai Composite. We've hit
that with multiple uh sort of gauges as
well. So certainly watching if this
continues here is their durability right
and you take a look at that. Right now
we are continuing on for another day.
We're up just gradually though a fifth
of 1% but it seems like today it really
is sort of these big sort of names that
are uh driving things higher. Take a
look at when it comes to Quay CL as well
as Pingan are doing quite well. Cabon
tech though it seems to be reversing the
recent gains of late here. Hong Kong is
looking like this here.
>> Obviously the tech space given the IPO
situation and we are seeing woo yeah
>> today is leaning more towards offshore.
You take a look at the record turnover
that we saw yesterday that certainly is
boasting and helping with the momentum
side of things. But look at HStech.
We're up some 2% right now. MSCI China
is also up by one and a half% here.
What's driving that? You see the likes
of BU Alibaba's up close to 6%.
Yesterday there was already that talk
about the food delivery side of things
where regulators are really kind of
doubling down on really the rhetoric
here to try to ease some of the intense
competition here. That seems to be the
narrative is that it's going to really
drive uh the profitability in some of
these cases here. So that certainly is
why you are seeing the likes of Alibaba
mtoan continue to see uh robust gains
here this morning. 10 cents also up more
than 2%. So tech once again getting that
play here this morning. The dollar moves
of course is still going to be the key
thing given the Fed discussion, the
subpoenas from the Fed and and the
potential criminal sort of investigation
that's underway, right? Dollar is still
on the softer side. We're still talking
about 697 when it comes to dollar China.
We do have Barclays's Lemon Jang coming
through. They have a non-conensus call
when it comes to what ReMB is going to
look like here. They're still holding
saying 725 for their one-year forecast.
Uh because of the domestic side of
things still look weak. exports no
longer can be a driving force for 2026.
Uh what is going to be driving, pardon
the pun, is really the EV sector. So the
EU as well as China seem to reach some
sort of agreement. They're weighing at
least a minimum price when it comes to
some of these uh EVs that are basically
exported from China to the EU that is in
place a replace I should say the tariff
discussion. So is that some sort of
compromise? It seems like at least what
the analysts are saying this is going to
help with some of the margins when it
comes to some of these EV companies also
when it comes to their products
overseas. So that certainly is going to
be voting well. Take about BYD were up
more than 3%. Xpunk also close to 4 and
a.5% gains. So is the earnings going to
deliver? It's interesting right? This is
the missing piece and you have the likes
of BMP Parabus Securities in China
talking about how this year is going to
be fundamentals first where you really
need to see earnings delivered. You're
already seeing that in some of these
upgrades when it comes to EPS estimates,
right? They are actually continued to
rise here. And what's been driving that?
Well, you have tech sectors like tech,
for example, where you have the whole uh
idea of AI really starting the
application side of things to really
help with profitability and help with at
least returns. With AI, it's one of the
few sort of markets where you actually
are seeing the application side, the
returns playing through when it comes to
artificial intelligence. It's not just a
pipe dream at this point. You look at
other sectors like healthc care for
example that continues to be firing on
on all cylinders here. Industrials as
well. So those are the sectors that seem
to be at least delivering on the
fundamental side. Of course there's
still risks though where we talk about
how you know investment continue to
weaken once again. You talk about
inflation or the lack of inflation that
are still things that are going to be a
big constraint uh obviously when it
comes to President Trump as well and
really kind of the curb China's global
influence around the world as well. But
for now, we are actually seeing the
numbers behind maybe some s signs of
maybe improvement and why we are seeing
this rally play out here in 2026 in a
very early stage.
>> We've we've really waited a long time
for that right after the market rerated
and arguably we're not trading slightly
above mean on the valuation.
>> It's still at a discount 30% discount
60% discount to global stocks, right?
>> Yes. Compared to the others. Yes, it's
still at a discount. And then of course
you do have I like that fundamentals
first, right? earnings improvement start
to come. So let's attach some numbers to
that. MSEI China I'm looking at my
terminal right now 12% is the EPS
expected growth uh through the end of
2026. So while perhaps last year let me
just maybe crowbar in a a basketball NBA
analogy, right? So John Morant will will
overpop populate your highlights but Kim
Duncan wins you multiple championships.
So it's really the big fundamental as
they say. Uh I'm just looking at some
numbers here also in the early
goingings. Hangen Tech 150% surge in in
volumes in the opening minutes. We're
also looking at turnover here at about
200 billion onshore remn already in the
first 5 minutes of trade. On the
earnings front, the fundamental story
coming out of Tommy Fang and UBS. Here's
how he phrased that a few minutes ago.
>> Many market have tested and broke uh
last year. So, so definitely no reason
uh for China not to. So, 15% that's a
reasonable one. We we estimated roughly
about 10% EPS growth with a bit of
valuation rewaiting. But the scenario
can be even more positive.
>> And we also heard from Tommy's boss
Sergio Mati earlier on at the
conference. Pablo,
>> last year was a quite you know important
year for China. I think that we saw a
huge interest coming back on the Chinese
markets. Uh you know stock performance
was great and uh we see it today. I mean
we have almost 3,600 participants. you
go through uh across the board from
corporates, institutional clients,
family offices uh and uh you know coming
from also all over the world we see also
more uh uh interest uh from overseas uh
uh which is indicating uh the momentum
of the Chinese market. So uh I think
that's uh you know we we believe this is
going to continue uh the secular trend
support in China in terms of growth in
uh in innovation in technology in
biotech uh is here to stay and uh
investors are realizing that so um
>> what kind of what kind of deal flow
though are you starting to see is as we
are starting to see China get some
momentum you talked about the stock
market uh the CSI 300 up about 17% uh
last year so it is it's gaining some
steam but also outbound deal flow seems
to be growing quite a bit. Uh whether
it's investing in factories in Europe or
in the global south it seems like
capital is not only coming into China
where foreign interest is obviously
looking at that rebound but also the
capital is moving abroad. Yeah, I mean
look, you know, it's a good mix of
businesses, but you know, when you look
at, for example, uh the underweight of
uh uh of international investors to
China, almost half from around 2 and a
half% uh uh uh in 2024 to uh uh 1.3% or
so in uh in 2025. So, this is a
significant change on a year-on-year
basis and uh this is the main is the
main driver. We continue to see a lot of
uh activity around IPOs particularly uh
you saw the record u IPO
um issues last year in Hong Kong which
are probably going to stay with us also
in 2026 we see a lot of activity across
Asia uh uh inbound and outbound M&A in
Japan is up threefold uh so in general I
would say that you will continue to see
momentum of uh you know Chinese investor
investing abroad but also uh you know uh
capital coming into the country.
>> What's going to be your priority onshore
for 2026? Last year you got the full
100% securities license. What's going to
be the priority?
>> We are we are we are working on on all
of this. Well, we also last year we also
made a capital increase in in our local
entities and uh I think this year we are
now planning to launch a panda bond uh
in and uh so I think that's uh we want
to continue to foster the you know uh
our presence in China. We have been in
China for mainland China for 35 years.
We have been in Hong Kong for 60 years.
So this is really part of our our core
business. I mean if if you think about
we are managing in the region uh uh more
than a trillion of assets uh 800 plus in
wealth management and 250 in asset
management. So we want to continue to
reinforce that position but at the same
time our leading position in the
investment bank uh across the board and
where we are a leader in the region and
in China mainland China particularly and
uh also in asset management through our
very successful joint venture with uh
ICBC
the UBS group CEO speaking exclusively
uh to Bloomberg. Lots of good
conversations coming up at those times
of course so stay tuned for those. Of
course big macro conversation with
Patrick Harker out of the Philly Fed. Uh
and also in the next hour we're speaking
with the BU CFO of course as a company
doubled down on AI not just the company
of course strategists have also doubled
down quite literally when the stock
price target there uh on on BU.
>> Yeah I mean it's just catapulted since
December really when it comes to BYU uh
thanks to of course that AI chip unit
spin-off and the like. Uh lots of
excitement of course around the stock.
In other news that we're tracking this
morning, Bloomberg has learned that
China is examining how Jane Street Group
and other foreign firms participate in
its nearly $860 billion ETF market.
Sources say regulators are seeking
[music] information on activities
carried out by brokers. Now, we're told
that they're keen to understand trading
patterns in the industry, especially
after a crackdown on Jain [music] Street
in India. China is intensifying efforts
to tax its citizens vast undisclosed
[music] overseas assets as authorities
attempt to plug a widening budget
deficit. However, the crackdown remains
patchy since the size of overseas
investments to difficult [music]
to calculate. Local authorities are
using big data to track down individuals
and demanding that they self-declare
[music] any offshore income from 2022 to
2024.
>> Right. We'll just take a short break. 11
minutes into the cash market session.
We're doing well. one and a half percent
on Hong Kong benchmarks [music]
flats uh on the Shanghai comp which has
really led when you if you had to pick
[music] one of the four on your screens
really led the rally but rest of the
markets doing okay. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Throughout that time, he has been
completely dedicated and committed to
the Federal Reserve's mission to support
the American people. And throughout that
time, he's proven himself to be a man of
impeccable integrity
and uh a man who has been uh calmly
leading the Federal Reserve through
times of heightened uncertainty uh and
led us very effectively.
That was John Williams there out of the
New York Fed president [music]
describing really Jay Powell, the chair
as a man of impeccable integrity and
certainly a the framing of that is a
perfect segue to Shanghai where Steve is
on the ground for us with the perfect
guest to discuss all this. Steve?
Yeah, that perfect guest is sitting
across from me. Patrick Harker, the
former Philadelphia Fed president from
2015 to 2025, just left in June uh
before these latest fireworks are really
uh hitting the Fed right now. You're
also now the Wharton School dean uh
there in Philadelphia.
>> I was the Wharton School dean.
>> Was the Wharton School dean. Yes. But uh
back in academia after the Fed uh
Philadelphia Fed. So what do you make
right now of what is happening? Um you
have told me that you care deeply for
the Fed and the institution. What how do
you see uh the some would say a
dismantling or an attempt of dismantling
its independence?
>> Yeah, emphasize attempted dismantling
because I think I'm an optimist. I think
the majority of the leaders in this
country in the country here in China
around the world and in the United
States understand the critical
importance of the Federal Reserve
system. I mean it is a unique
institution and it is a critical
institution to global markets to glo
global commerce to our everyday lives
and
>> to dollar supremacy as well.
>> Yeah. And independence of the Fed is
absolutely essential. We know throughout
history, every time that wall between
the fiscal side of the house and the
monetary side of the house gets
breached,
it never turns out well. We can go
through examples in the world today of
countries, we won't name them, but we
know them, where it has been breached
and it's not going well for a very
simple reason. People who are in charge
want the economy to run hot.
>> Yeah.
>> But when it runs hot, inflation runs out
of control. And that's what we can't
have happen. And so we need to defend
all of us, the former Fed people,
everyone really defend the fundamental
independence of the Federal.
>> How are we going to do this when there
have been a number of steps put into
place, including the DOJ and the
subpoena, which could lead uh to some
criminal litigation? U we have seen
Republican congressmen and women um
defend the Fed and the independence of
the Fed. Uh we had former Fed governors
come out in unison uh talking about the
need, but there seems to be a
steamroller attempt by the White House
and the DOJ uh to get what Donald Trump
wants.
>> But there is that push back cuz again,
when you talk to members of Congress on
both sides of the aisle, they understand
this. They may have different rhetoric
out in public, but you talk to them
one-on-one, they understand how critical
the Federal Reserve is, and they are
going to push back. I That's where I'm
an optimist. I don't think they'll let
this happen.
>> Will it backfire on the Trump
administration?
>> It could. Uh because be careful what you
wish for, right? As the old saying goes,
if you want to run the economy hot and
inflation runs out of control,
that's a problem for the administration.
I mean, think about why Donald Trump got
elected. One of the reasons was because
he said he was going to bring prices
down, the affordability issue.
This would take it in the opposite
direction potentially. And that is
devastating to the administration, but
even more important, it's devastating to
the American public.
>> What's your view on the the inflationary
impact of the tariffs? Some say the pass
through to the economy is already
complete or already peaked, but others
say no, no, no, no. 2026 is going to be
the year where we're going to see it
really rear its head. So, I'm more in
that camp in that companies have been
holding back for a while, as much as
they can, but you're starting to hear
from contact after contact, we've got to
start raising some prices. We can't live
with these low margins forever. So, it's
not going to be wildly inflationary, the
best estimates, but it is going to keep
inflation up above where we want it to
be, 2%. And that's the real problem the
Fed has right now is that it's stuck
pretty much at 3% 3%ish.
And that
becomes a real danger because if the Fed
doesn't get it down to two, then people
say, "Well,
>> it's incapable of doing that. So, let's
all just readjust to 3% inflation and
why stop at three?" That's what
economists worry about the unanch
anchoring of expectations.
>> So, what what does the Fed do then?
Because again, I I almost you read Jay
Powell's uh cut in December as sort of a
reluctant cut because there's silent
disscent as well. And there seems to be
an unusual split that you say you
haven't seen before.
>> No, this split is quite unique. And if
you look at the dot plot, the survey of
economic projections, you can see that
dispersion of the dots, not just in this
year, but in the out years and in the
long run. I've not seen that level of
dispersion in the estimates. I
personally would not have cut in
December. I think that I am more
concerned right now about inflation. The
labor market is definitely soft and we
can talk about that. But we may have to
adjust to a new normal. We had in our
head 150,000 jobs a month is what we
needed or 120. But given demographic
shifts in the country, particularly with
immigration turning negative,
>> we may have to think of 50,000 as the
new normal.
>> So, so what does Powell do? What what
does the FOMC do on the next meeting?
Because I guess the dot plot say one
more cut this year maybe. uh investors
are hoping for two but Jay Powell I'll
read the quote from him a very large
number of participants agree that risks
are to the upside for unemployment as
you just alluded to and to the upside
for inflation so the rhetorical question
is so what do I do
>> so it kind of feels like stagflation
light to me right uh
>> I think right now you sit there and let
a lot of this uncertainty resolve right
I mean when you find yourself in the
dark you don't run full steam ahead you
take your time right and Right now we're
in the dark. There's a lot of issues
still with the shutdown and the data
quality that we're getting. Uh there's
just mixed signals coming from the labor
market,
>> right? Uh
>> cuz those November numbers were a bit of
an aberration, weren't they?
>> Yeah. Yeah. But there's a lot of issues
around those numbers because of
measurement issues. So let's take those
with me.
>> And we're getting inflation tonight, I
believe.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We're getting inflation.
>> How important is that?
>> Oh, it's an important number. Now, the
last round of the inflation numbers
again, they were tainted by the
>> It ran hot.
>> Well, a little bit high.
>> Yeah, it was a little complicated though
because of the shutdown and how they had
to impute certain values as opposed to
measure them. I'm always skeptical when
we have to impute a lot of stuff versus
see it, you know, with our own eyes in
terms of prices. So, I think right now
they are in a tough spot and I would
just sit here. They're mildly
restrictive right now in my view. That's
probably the right place to be for now.
Now things can change. Lots of things
change. This is one of the challenges we
face is the administration keeps
changing policy and new things come and
so what are companies doing as a result?
The natural thing unless they have to
make the investment or it's right in
front of them. It's clear like data
centers you're going to do it.
>> Yeah.
>> You're going to wait.
>> It sounds like you missed the fight.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Do you miss the fight?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. But I can still
fight from the outside cuz this I this
institution I'm passionate about cuz I
saw it for a decade inside of how
dedicated the people at the Fed are to
fulfilling their mandate for the
American people and really for the
global economy and I think it's worth a
fight for them.
>> All right, Patrick Harker, former
Philadelphia Fed president over the last
10 years on the sidelines but still in
the fight. All right, Patrick, thanks so
much for your time here at the UBS
Greater China Conference in Shanghai.
Back to you guys. What a great
conversation, huh?
>> Yeah, it was a great one. Thank you so
much, Steve. More, of course, with Steve
at the UBS Greater China Conference. And
of course, you can also check out the
Big Take today is on all things the Fed,
right? A Fed that fights back, threatens
Trump's takeover plan for terminal
subscribers that function as NI Big
Take. It's also on bloomberg.com. More
exclusive interviews coming up as well
from the UBS Greater China Conference.
The BU CFO Henry Hu will join us in a
few minutes to discuss how the company
is navigating the AI revolution. This is
Bloomberg
right. Uh there are two [music] sides to
the the the tech story the tech story in
the market today. One is when you look
at specific names and these are very
very specific and nuance as pertains to
uh some of these Chinese chips. So Bwin
storage tech for example down as much as
4.9
uh after announcement that China's chip
fund is cutting its stakes in the
specific company. So that's really more
nuance and quite uh expected. Uh the on
the other side of it is really we're
back to the big platforms and maybe the
market's trying to buy in uh to the
bullcase of regulation and it being able
to of course alleviate some of the tense
competition. Add to that some of the
conversations around a a deal with with
Europe on EVs and all that together is
giving you what you're seeing on your
screens, a rally in Alibaba. Xunks up
three and four and on top of that, of
course, you this big listing here, big
listings again today, Giga Device, we'll
talk about that later, but also seeing
substantial gains in the first 30
minutes of trade.
>> Yeah. And as as we start to see right,
it it is the earning side of things that
might be the taking the bigger role for
this rally this year. In fact, you know,
the likes of B&B Paraba say market
upside expect to be almost entirely
[music]
profitdriven. Fundamentals first. You're
watching the China show.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. So, a beautiful, cool, crisp
[music] morning here in Hong Kong. And
the weather authorities are flagging the
possibility of a substantial dip in the
mercury tomorrow. So, uh, don't send
those ski jackets to dry cleaning just
yet if you have already. So, you can
borrow one from the neighbor. [music]
I'm sure they have more than one. 1.3%
to the upside on Hen K. The rally in
price we're seeing across these markets
is really [music] more in Hong Kong. It
was on the mainland yesterday, although
we are continuing the momentum in these
big tech plays. Eight shares up 1.3%.
We're looking at volumes about 120%
uh compared to the 30-day average in the
Hangen Tech Index. Just to give you a
sort of second uh read uh indicator of
market sentiment and activity right now.
Uh that is just to say when you look at
benchmarks, we're 27,000. We've
recovered that level, the Hangen Tech
index. 6,000 could soon be uh the case
for the Hangen Tech. Uh we are trading
rangebound, although still at 10-year
highs on the Shanghai comp index, which
we've talked about at length as
something that's really come alive in a
very big way. Uh in fact, have a look at
turnover where we are right. So we
topped 3.5 trillion yuan yesterday
record on that. In the first 30 minutes
of trade, we've already taken out 1.2
trillion. So you extrapolate that if
that can continue that looks to be
another very busy and heavy heavy
trading session today. Uh rest of the
region doing this uh you have Taiwan you
have the Cosby you have this pullback
we're seeing in uh precious metals.
Taiwan of course sources are saying we
are close to a deal there on a trade
deal with the US. Uh Japanese assets
also back online today and wow are they
reacting positively uh to the potential
uh changes there or not changes snap
elections is what they're trading at 3%
on the nicke and a massive move up on
the 30-year yield here uh on the
Japanese 30.
>> Yeah for more let's let's bring in Mark
Cranfield our mine strategist joining us
out of Singapore. Mark, it's it's
interesting this whole sell America
trade seems to have reemerged once again
uh early 2026 given the Fed sort of the
subpoenas that we saw. You know, you
have this sort of domestic polit
politics playing out uh in the US where
where Trump's trying to bring down
interest rates uh trying to cap credit
card rates for example as well. Does
that make Asia the more favorable
destination then for for risky assets?
>> Uh it certainly helps. I mean you you
have to be a viable alternative and and
certainly what we're seeing recently in
in Asia is is very positive signs for
people that want to bring money here on
a simply valuation basis. There's still
certain parts of Asia which look
relatively underpriced compared to some
of the valuations we see in the United
States. And then you've got so many
positive local stories on top of that.
And if you're looking for if you if you
believe firmly in the AIdriven narrative
and it's got further to go whether you
look at China, Taiwan, Japan or Korea,
all of those have something in the AI
space which will get people excited. Not
to mention the fact that you in some
places you got a currency play as well
which can can support the view as well.
So all in all things are looking pretty
bright on the Asian front and you're
hearing the the right things being said
by the v various authorities. So the
Chinese government and the the various
institutions there are much more
supportive if you look if you listen to
the things they're saying all the sound
bites now are heading in the direction
of supporting local growth supporting
flows into markets and boosting the
major companies there. It's a complete
contrast to what we were hearing a
couple of years ago when they were much
more defensive and cautious. So
investors can see that and they can see
that their valuations support their case
as well. you're putting up all those um
numbers there for the Chinese markets,
the primary ones, CSI 300, Shanghai Comm
all look very good, but if you look
behind them, CSI 2000, the Star 50, some
of the gains there are much more
spectacular than you're seeing in the
major indices. Small cap stocks are
doing exceptionally well in China, which
is a very good sign that money is
filtering down to wider parts and is
supporting a a much broader market. So
all in all, yeah, things looking pretty
good in the Asian space.
>> Mark, just a just a thought on Japan if
you why is the market reacting that way
to reports of potential snap elections?
You know, granted, of course, it's
reopening today, so there is that too.
>> I think there's a there's a little bit
of a similarity here. Prime Minister
Takiichi is seen as a bit of a Shinszo
Abbe type person. Somebody who's going
to boost growth a lot in Japan, spend
lots of money to keep the economy going,
keep the yen relatively weak, do what it
can for Japanese exporters. She's in a
relatively strong position. The opinion
polls suggest that she's the in a her
and her cabinet are very well supported
at the moment. She's trying to
capitalize on that. There's a bit of
nationalism as well because Japan is in
conflict on some levels with China
trying to boost their relationships with
other countries. So, she's timing it. If
she does go for an election, the timing
looks very good. She is aiming to boost
the the equity market and let the yen
take its own course for the time being.
So you can see why people want to push
money into Japanese stocks because they
can see the outlook certainly for the
next few weeks looks very supportive for
the stock market.
>> Mark, I I have to get your take on on
the dollar moves that we've seen. It it
seems like in the initial knee-jerk
reaction on these Fed subpoenas was to
sell the dollar and sell long bonds. It
didn't quite play out too too far. I
think really things started reversing uh
overnight in some ways. you know, is
there much weight into the whole Fed
independence concerns here or should we
just fade these headlines? You think?
[snorts]
>> I think we're going to hear more about
the the concerns about the independence.
The the probably the likely place it
will play out is in the yield curve, a
steeper Treasury yield curve. If we see
that develop over the next few days into
next week, people will get a lot more
worried about it. It won't help the US
equity market. They're not prepared for
a steeper curve there. is is I think
it's pretty hard to dial that back
particularly as we get closer to the Fed
meeting. We've heard Fed Williams today
coming out in support of Jerome Pal. If
you get more Fed voices like that, it's
going to make the decision very tough at
the next FOMC. Very little chance that
they will lower interest rates and the
Treasury curve again probably needs to
steepen a bit on the back of that. Where
we go on the dollar is is a much more
complex issue partly because of the yen.
Yen is a big factor within the G10. For
the for the time being, the yen is on
the soft side. The the case for the euro
is not clear-cut. It's the next biggest
currency, but it isn't gaining a lot of
attention on it on its own. ECB is in
neutral mode. There needs to be more
clear positives for the euro point of
view to suck money away from the US
dollar. That's not really happening
right now. So, the currency space is
much more mixed. But keep your eyes on
the US yield curve. that could steepen
and the market really isn't prepared for
that particularly in the equity space in
the United States.
>> That that could be the pain trade mark.
And just a followup final question on
the dollar here. TD Securities put out a
note talking about how you know a
tactical US dollar strength is something
to consider over the coming weeks. Do
you see that as a strong case to make?
>> Well, certainly there's a there's a
correlation between rising US yields and
the dollar in the short term. So if we
do see a few more basis points on the
Treasury curve that probably does
support the dollar and you've got in a
way you've got an easy win because
dollar yen is already going that way.
Dollar yen is on a climbing path. It
could well take other currencies with
it. So certainly in the very short term
yeah you can see why the dollar would
get stronger.
>> Mark fantastic as always sir. Mark
Cranfield in Singapore for us. Just
ahead here on the China show, Barclay's
uh bucking the consensus there. Speaking
of the currency here, the bank's FX and
EM strategist Lemon Jang joins us in a
couple of minutes to tell us really why
she expects the Chinese currency to be
on a weakening [music] bias as opposed
to what consensus is the is the
opposite.
>> Yeah. But first, BU CFO Henry H joins us
exclusively from the UBS Greater China
Conference in Shanghai. We'll talk about
their AI plans and chip unit listing
next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Ah, the bulls are surrounding one
particular stock. We're talking bu here
today. Excitement [music] seems to be
building around the company's planned
Hong Kong listing for its AI chip unit.
It's one of the few Chinese companies
making the powerful accelerators
essential for developing AI and that
puts it front and center in Beijing's
push for tech self-reliance. Much of the
concerns last year was about you know
the core business is not doing quite
well but no really you take a look at
how the stock has really surged since
December early days and you are starting
to see the optimism around this company
considering this listing of Kun Lu
Shing. Now, sources have told us this
IPO could raise as much as $2 billion
with banks including Sitic and Huatai
Securities helping arrange that
offering.
>> Please tell us when. Steve, please tell
us when. Steve,
>> I don't have the answer to that, but my
next guest might have the answer to that
as far as unlocking value. Of course, BU
has been, you know, a steady leader in
China on in search. Uh, but again, they
are investing a lot in non-ads. Uh so
you talked about uh robo taxis, you
talked about uh the chip division. So
how do you unlock that value? Let's turn
to the man who's probably best to answer
that or avert the divert away from that
question. It is Henry Hu's
CFO. Last time we talked you were at
Kingsoft uh back in June. You joined BYU
in July. uh what a big responsibilities
on your plate to unlock that value uh
from the investments BU is making in AI
and robo taxis. Where do you want to
start first? How are you going to unlock
that value in AI?
>> Yeah, thanks for having me today. Uh I
feel very excited to join BU since last
July. uh after joining I realized so
many pressures and uh so many treasures
I say sitting on the Boo's balance sheet
and many assets are waiting to be
unlocking the value. I think the
backdrop is if you remember early part
of 25 deep seed come out and right now I
think all the focus are coming from uh
the training of the foundation model to
applications. If you think about today
the AI softwares and the robo taxis and
cloud and the GPU are all linking to
applications and I think BU are sitting
in a very good crossroad that can
unlocking our historical technology
assets to more like the monetization on
the business models and all those
things. I think one thing first I want
to mention is about robot taxi. I think
the the big advantage for us I think we
do enjoy the full stack of capabilities
from data foundation model and also the
algorithm as well and we are doing the
robot taxi today if you remember the
numbers we deliver almost a quarter uh
ride a quarter million rightes per week
which is actually very similar on the
level with way more globally and that is
actually a very good user cases we use
our AI technology
>> so where are the main priorities I mean
we're we'll talk about chips don't worry
we're going to talk about kunin and the
chip and also Ernie bot and the AI side.
But let's since you went there first,
let's talk about uh robo taxis. Uh
Apollo go is essentially the service. Uh
you've gotten the license in Dubai. I
understand you're going to start doing
testing in London as well. Uh Hong Kong
is underway. uh but how is what's the
most important aspect uh to get it right
when you're competing on a global stage
with Tesla and its uh you know cyber cab
as well as whimo from Google and others
they're deep pocketed
>> yes uh the data is very important for
robot taxi so it is not a new business
for us we have been working on this
business for almost count 12 13 years we
have a huge number of mileage of all
experience of the driverless experience
I think that actually one major
advantage of The second part in terms of
the model capabilities. It is not only
about building a rules in a model or in
a car is really about building the
entire AI capabilities from using the
foundation model to linking their
algorithm to the sensors and the
lighters to making that very important
connections. And the third part is
operational excellencies because if you
think about the waiting times and the
distance between the car drop you off
with your house and for example the the
user cases and the user experience on
the mobile apps these are very important
investment actually we are making on
that and the last point is very
important if I think about Google's
whimo Google also have a Google map and
also bu have a bad map right which is
actually the leading map products in
China as well so we have a lot of
information regarding the point of
interest and how the traffic look like
and that will improve a lot of user
cases and for example people are using
Google and a BU map they can also call a
car and the most important thing is I
think given the past few years the EV
car supply chain in China is improving
quite a lot so we can producing a car as
a very cost advantage model in China and
using that cost advantage to actually
working with the global markets so today
we are seeing a great benefits when we
have a partnership with Google with Uber
and with lift globally especially in
Europe countries and the Middle Eastern
countries we enjoy a lot of headroom in
terms of potential uplift of the margin
profile because we have the cost
advantage but also we enjoying the
markets globally
>> right so if you combine all your AI
endeavors including uh the robo taxis
but including as well uh the chips
division which is likely to soon go IPO
in Hong Kong and addition to your large
language model uh the various multimodal
uh Ernie I think it's Ernie 5.0 Erniebot
right now. Uh how much combined has BYU
invested in AI and when are you going to
be profitable as a contributor? Uh you
know it's increasingly contributing to
revenue but when can it all combined be
a contributor to profitability?
>> Yes sure it's a very important question
for CFO. So in the November earning call
last year we actually disclosed one
numbers. Since earning came out uh back
in 2023, we have invest over 100 billion
R&B in terms of AI investment which is a
huge investment. That's on the one side.
On the other hand, we do see a great
return on that. For example, right now
our our cloud revenue increasing about
128% on a Y basis in Q3 for the AI cloud
and also we are seeing over kind of 200%
growth on AI search trans
transformation. So for example, last
year we only have 3% of the contents are
generating for the AI uh for our
traditional search. But right now this
number is increasing to about 18%. And
we're seeing kind of three digits
increasing on the traditional search to
the AI new search and also for the robot
taxi as I mentioned is actually deliver
over a quarter million drives every
every week and we're seeing that number
is on accelerated growth paces. So I
think the investment we are seeing the
good trends of the monetization and the
computing on on the return. How do you
see the difference between how AI is
evolving in China versus you know what
we've all been following very closely in
the mag 7 and what's happening open AI
and others in the United States
essentially there are concerns about
overall allocation of capital and not
getting the kinds of return so there
could be potentially a bubble China
there are there bubble concerns as well
but there's a bifurcated AI space in
China as well the big boys like you and
Tensent and bike dance and Alibaba and
then there new upandcomers that are
hitting the market in Hong Kong like
Miniax and others those LLMs that are
starting to make a dent but you guys
have the capital base is there a bubble
forming as well in the investment in
China because of the uh overinvestment
>> uh I want to call it two tales of the
city uh way I think if you want to
decompose the uh the drivers I think
there are four things right the data
model uh computing power as well as
applications right so I think if you
analyze these four different things US
China does have a lot of different
contexts right for example right now in
the US there's a lot of investment on
infrastructures but today if you look at
electricity cable network in China is
already being built in the past few
years so if you really want to compare
on II or on the infrastructure side I
think China does have certain advantage
on that and also in the past 10 years of
the mobile internet age in China there's
a huge accumulation of data that data
become important for today's inferences
because a few years ago everyone was
competing for foundation model right so
so to your question I think in my view
any company have a closed loop or full
stack of the computing power data and
ownership of application user cases will
be sustainable on AI that's probably not
a problem
>> how much more needs to be invested in
your chip division uh because uh the kun
shin chips essentially power for the
servers in the data centers, right? Uh
which is a a real I guess strong point
of Nvidia. And I think the the mandate
really from authorities is China must be
self-sufficient there. So how much more
needs to be invested in Kunshin and the
chips that power those servers uh going
forward?
>> Uh I think that's a very important
question. uh but my view is if you want
to rank the number one factor I think
it's a talent because we are designing
company just like you know any of the
chip company in US we're designing the
chips but we're producing the chip with
partners so I investment into the key
talents and the team and finding the
ecosystem partners is important
investment from both strategy and the
R&D perspective
>> so you that takes capital as well to
hire the right people and to spend the
the money wisely in uh what some say is
is a bit of a a frothy environment. So,
how much do you need to raise in this
IPO in Hong Kong?
>> Yeah, I think it's pretty early to say
that uh
>> $2 billion is the number. Some say I've
also heard 1 billion.
>> So, let me put this way. So, we made a
public announcement last week. So, we
are making good progress in terms of
filing for the IPO. So hopefully I'm
confident in terms of the market if the
market could keep the way and enjoy and
see the benefits of AI and computing
power I think our coin chip will
eventually unlocking that value to the
market at a fair level. But again my
point is um because by today have a full
stack capability any investment getting
to the corner machine will be linking to
the cloud and our end customer
eventually using our cloud to using
application and generating real results
for them. I think it's a for loop of the
monetization path which you're putting
by the at a very unique comp competitive
advantage with other peers because other
people only on one side but we are
actually the full stack on that. Let me
come at that question from a little bit
a different angle because I can tell you
you can't really tell me the details of
that IPO that is potentially upwards of
two billion in Hong Kong. But the Hong
Kong market is hot for AI right now. And
it's not just the the the the hardware
players which saw you know huge gains
whether it's Ben Shai Bn or Moors
Threads but also now going to like
Miniax the large language models in this
thing. So wouldn't it be prudent to to
list now while the market is still hot
as soon as possible?
>> Uh yes a good question uh which I can
answer. Uh given the growth trajectory
of our trip department and cloud
department I think the timing of listing
will be very reasonably decided by the
pacing of the business because the
business is growing. I don't think
there's urgency to do it just because of
the valuation. So I think let the
business grow but also my confident
level is as long as the business is
growing and generating results for the
clients our valuation will reflecting on
that and also you know to your point I
do also see many of the news come out
from Bloomberg. So I will encourage many
of friends just look at Bloomberg
reports many of the sales are research
already give valuation target.
>> All right Henry thanks so much for the
plug on Bloomberg stories uh BU CFO u
good luck to you thanks
>> thanks again for having me
>> you bet. All right. All right, guys.
Great conversation about AI. Sending it
back to you.
>> Yes, looks like lots of things to come
there for the company. Steve, thank you
bringing us interview. Stephen Engel
there at of course UBS Greater China
Conference. And if you are a subscriber
and want to rewatch that interview with
BU as well, you can watch through our
interactive TV function. Check it
[music] out at tvgo. This is Bloomberg.
Right, we're going to go through some
big movers across the region right now.
So, Hyundai Motor, well, Hyundai group
stocks as you can see are rallying quite
substantially. This is really being put
down to still the buzz around the
company or the group's humanoid robot
and robo taxi businesses and endeavors
in that scenario. We're looking at
double digit gains across most. Uh SKH
Heinik's out coming up on your screens
is why and of course the big headline
that dropped earlier on I think $13
billion new chip packaging plant is what
the company's planning. Uh and we're
looking at defense related stocks. Uh
this is I believe in mainland China
coming up on your screens and down in
some cases down substantially. uh we're
trying to ascertain what is behind the
stock move right now but just to flag of
course this is a substantial move to the
downside across most which have really
been has really been a very big winner
in terms of the recent months so yeah
we'll leave that there for now and we'll
look at the Japanese close as we enter
the lunch break in Tokyo that's been a
substantial rally in Japanese assets in
Tokyo this move up in yields where the
yen is trading we're trading on the
weaker side of things all things equal
the tariff threat from Donald Trump
markets are taking that in stride and
we're rallying quite substantially here
[music] across the region. Petty
Marhead, this is the China show.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
ahead to that break, [music] of course,
in just a moment. And yes, it certainly
has been a very fruitful day uh in
Tokyo, just given that we just come back
from that holiday. And really it's a
catch-up story given the reports locally
about how there could be a potential
snap election there. And you kind of get
this sort of a like sort of reaction
that maybe this means more fiscal
measures there to boost growth there and
maybe asset prices. There you go.
Nicke25 is up some 3% here right now.
Yen is very much trading on the the
weaker side just given that reaction
we've seen 158 levels for dollar yen.
>> Yeah, our colleague Sherry is not a big
fan of a weak currency. uh being based
there
>> being based there right and she's also
going to have her hands full when she
gets back there because of potentially
what's going to go on there so all the
best to you Sherry we're here to support
you um on top of that though the region
is looking good so Japan is obviously
adding to the benchmark today 3% there
1% in the region uh we're also good in
Korea Taiwan and Hen tech hangs index
about an hour into the session about 1%
to the upside so uh we're getting a lot
of support across many fronts here in
terms of sector breakdown all but one uh
on the on a regional look here the
dollar index and the Bloomberg one so
that that's a weaker currency a weaker
Asian FX complex compared to the US
dollar uh one group so we talked about
Korean car makers Hyundai specifically
and of course we also getting something
to talk about as it pertains to these
EVs in China which are moving quite
substantially
>> yeah maybe potential progress uh when it
comes to the EU discussion here what
we're seeing in some of these EV makers
is definitely a positive reaction to
this sort of uh what they're considering
right the EU is now mulling replacing
these steep tariffs when or with minimum
prices on on what these Chinese exports
are going to look like here. Let's bring
in our transport reporter Danny Lee. Um
what could they be considering here
right now? Yeah, we are seeing uh
proposals from Brussels on minimum
pricing on imports of Chinese EVs into
Europe and it's going to be significant
because it gives clarity finally to the
Chinese EV makers about the way forward
and automakers more broadly about how
they try to handle such a key market and
still continue to sell particularly
increasingly popular Chinese EVs into a
really big market such as Europe. And so
that's why you see the shares rising
today. You see the likes of China's
world the world's biggest uh EV maker
BYD popping as well as the likes of Leap
Motor and Gile as well and the broader
industry as well rallying.
>> So you talk about the way forward the
market is reacting quite positively
obviously not completely remove all the
uncertainty but what is the way forward?
How much more clarity do we need really
uh to make the bull case? So the next
steps will be for uh the Chinese
automakers to offer their own proposals
taking to effect uh the subsidies that
they have received state subsidies and
uh to offer their own uh minimum pricing
and it'll be up to the European
Commission to determine whether they
will accept that proposal or not and
therefore uh depending on how long it
will take I think clearly uh time not
necessarily of the essence but I'm sure
automakers would love to see these this
range of of tariffs being imposed of up
to % be removed. So, uh, but for now, it
hasn't actually stopped the likes of the
European consumer buying heavily into
Chinese EVs and hybrids already.
>> All right, Danny Daily there, our Blu
transfer reporter. Yeah, what this does
for for margins, for their expansion, of
course, of course, and sales uh
certainly could be beneficial as as some
analysts have said already.
>> Um, let's take a look at some of the the
currency side of things here because you
know it's been a heavy news flow
obviously when it comes to the dollar.
We saw quite a a reaction yesterday on
the back of the news that you know there
is going to be these Fed subpoenas and
the Justice Department's moves uh into
the investigation into Jay Powell uh and
the renovations around the Fed as well.
Uh joining us now is Lemon Jang FX and
EM macro strategist at Barclays. Uh
we'll talk a little more about your
non-conensus call on the REM and B in
just a minute Lemon, but I want to get
your take on the dollar moves that we've
seen. It seems like it's it the clean
expression that we saw on bond markets
given this these Fed subpoenas. The
dollar seems to be a bit more complex
the outlook there given that we continue
to see a very weak yen. The euro has
also been a bit more steady given that
the ECB is more on kind of neutral sort
of stance. So what assumptions are you
making for the dollar for this year?
>> Um thanks Ivon. Nice to be on the show.
Um in fact our dollar view is a little
bit contrarian as well compared with our
our competitors in the street. um what
we believe that the 1.5% of euro rally
um against dollar in December is likely
driven by a one time off factors like
you have equity divers diversification
flows coming in and last night as you
mentioned is a is a good example like
yes dollar probably weaken a little bit
as a negative reaction um to the news on
on the Fed but at end of the day if you
look at uh US fundamental it still looks
resilient or like better than market has
acknowledged so far. Last week's uh
non-farm payroll is a good example. Uh
job list claims has been falling. Um
unemployment rate looks okay. Um that's
why and that combined with a former cost
API over the next few months as we
believe because the negative impact
coming from the government shutdown
start to fade. Um those has driven our
US economist to uh delay the fat cut
expectation to June and December. this
year from previously just Q1 and Q2. So
I think and the market pricing actually
is in in line with the call like two
just just two more cuts for Fed. So if
you look at the US fundamental is
actually better than what people has
been expecting and what what what we
believe will drive in dollar strength
over the next year or next few years is
the AI capex spending cycle. uh
obviously in the history there's no AI
related investment cycle but we can use
internet related or um from 2010 to 2016
when US managed to uh crack down how to
make shield oil and uh shift from oil uh
importers to to oil uh exporters all
those uh innovation period with come
with investment cycles actually driven
by uh actually results students for for
a prolonged period of time which we
believe this time the AI capac spending
will we will repeat the same.
So I mean you really highlight a good
point the market could be sleeping on
not really discounting the possibility
of a relatively stronger dollar than
what most people expect. That's one half
of the the dollar China equation. And I
know your non-conensus call is that, you
know, the Chinese currency might be
pushing too strong and many people too,
you know, too many people think that
it's a one-way trade. It's going to go
stronger. Lay out the case for for yan
weakness in your view short term.
>> I I think um maybe for this week or next
week, we still look for maybe some
dollars downside because there is the
year end seasonality which is like Luna
New Year uh end seasonality. So which
means the Chinese exporters tend to sell
dollar into Luna New Year end because
they need to pay like bonuses to the
employee, pay logistic bills to the
upstream firms and stuff like that and
hence you always have this dollar supply
before Luna New Year end. But our
observation is such dollar supply flow
tends to slow down or just completely
pause two to three weeks before Luna New
Year. So let's uh say this year the Luna
New Year is made to late Feb which means
such dollar supply will will start to
slow down over the next few weeks and
once that start to pause we we think the
the PBOC's understanding or the PBOC's
uh engineering of the uh Chinese J will
will become stronger because once the
corporate flow stops that leaves only
market participants including like fast
money for example or those people who
have been trying to build speculative
loans in Senai Okay, which I think the
PBC will try to dis discourage people
from doing that and and we could see
some more force for um intervention
method like as bigger deation in dollar
widely fixing or you you can see like
state banks uh start to buy dollar more
rigorously in a way.
Can I just borrow your you mentioned
fast there and the move to the downside
on dollar China has been fast and I
wonder if you're you you know if I'm not
sure how closely you look at technicals
things like Fibonacci levels if you do
because there seems to be one that's
nearing to the downside and I wonder to
your point near-term we could see more
downside. Are the levels you're watching
below where we're currently trading that
could act as a as as as a level to
watch?
uh yes like we're talking about
technical uh levels if you look at RSI
is already it's already flashing
oversold in dollar u but if you look at
like Fibonacci levels for example for
the past five year history of dollar u
it it just breaks seven that that's why
more market participants have been
chasing downside because they believe
seven is is a big level or psych uh
psychological level but having said that
we believe that uh let let's say just
dollar consolid uh consolidate or even
stronger a little bit from here uh at
the end of the day you still have 2% US
China rate differentials uh which is
basically negative carry which is
punitive for people who want to build
the speculative loans in Chinese Jan so
if if just dollar stop moving or just
consolidate from here I think people
will start to get rid of the position
because the negative carriage is too
much for them to handle
Lemon, what about when it comes to
equity inflows? You know, you you start
to see a lot of strategists out there
that say, you know, the the rem strength
is what's driving a lot of the equity
rally and these correlations have
actually strengthened of late. Do you
think that's going to be a continued
supportive tailwind uh for the currency?
I I think equity inflows will continue
but we need to separate whether it's
into a shares which is supportive for
Chinese yan or it just go to eight
shares goes to Hong Kong which is
probably more a story for honky dollar
not not for not not for Chinese yen. So
I think a good sign for us to watch is
whether whether the PBOC or the FX
authorities resume the northbound stock
connect flow data release. So if they re
resume that that's a big sign showing
that oh a lot of e a lot of e equity
inflows actually goes to onshore but if
they haven't resumed that so far I I
believe most of the stock flows actually
just fail Hong Kong stock market
>> okay um I think we've also there's also
you also lay out the case specifically
for you know the economic justification
for a weaker currency and you point to
things like trade for example It's
counter this exercise to get inflation
back about a month back and I want to
play that out. I want to get your
reaction to that. We spoke with the CICC
the chief strategist there. You might
know him of course he's formerly I
believe he was with safe. I think he was
also the adviser to the PBOC governor.
He laid out the case why a stronger
currency is actually not counter to
those objective. Let's listen in.
All in all I'm saying is exchange rate
should be determined by market forces
and then all these three market forces
whether it's fundamentals or interest
rate or is the positions capital flows
they just you know maybe towards the
year end
>> they just amplify and combine each other
that's make it a good timing to let
market decide
>> and I just wonder what the economic case
is for a weaker currency and why you
think that's perhaps more justified
I I think if you look at the balance of
payments for example um trade surplus
has been super wide or significant white
over the last three four years it's not
only a 2025 story but why Chinese young
has been so weak in 2023 or 2024 it just
because yes exporters have the dollar
supplies coming from the trade but they
have been refused to convert just
because they want to enjoy over 5% of
dollar deposit rate and there's like
lack of uh asset good quality asset on
shore that give you high yield. So that
mindset will still continue. I mean as I
mentioned just now we are still talking
about 2% of dollar dollar China rate
differentials for one year. Um and yes
you could have some onore equity rally
but like after you convert how much you
can actually only invest in equities. So
there is like some diversification
uh purpose uh concerns as well like for
for the exporters to convert and after
all the Chinese corporates still facing
uh supply chain relocation uh
initiatives which means they are
building factories overseas more and
more and yes which means yes they have
been earning dollars in a significant
way by if you look at trade supplies but
at end of the day their dollar
liabilities is higher as well which
means they have been spent in dollar in
the end. So I think that plus the lack
of good quality assets on shore has been
driving them to stay in dollars instead
of converting more than what they are
supposed to be and that's what we
believe in the mean after Luna New Year
as well. So the dollar supply from
exporters will slow down. Um and back to
your question David, yes, if you look at
fundamentals is still relatively
subdued. The labor market is is still
subdued. Young people difficult to find
jobs. Um inflation will be lower like
our China economist just lower their
annual CPI forecast from 0.8% to 0.4%
for this year because exactly because
the Chinese has been stronger. That's
why the important inflation pass through
rule has been lower as well. So all in
all um the economic the economic
fundamental still points to a slightly
weaker y and combined with our global
view that the dollar should somewhat
strengthen from here by like two to
three% by end of this year. That's why
we we we look at dollars dollars dollar
higher
>> lemon thank you so much lemon jang fx
and em macro strategist. uh he's with
Barclays joining us out of Singapore.
Thank you so much for the time and
laying out a case there for a weaker
currency. Okay. Uh just uh you might
have seen it already. This concerns Vanc
and uh I'm just going through the
details to get this accurate. So it
looks like the company is asking to
extend this grace period again. And the
reason we say again because this seems
to pertain to the specific yuan the
local currency bond that matured in
December 15 and of course we've had
conversations around that specific one
being extended the grace period there.
So our understanding is this one uh the
company is asking or presented revised
proposals specifically to extend a that
local bond including pledges of
collateral longer grace period that's
according to people familiar with with
what's going on there. But yes um that's
an ongoing story clearly a developing
story as [music] and we'll try to
ascertain more information on this
story. Shares up 2 and a2%.
[music]
Well, Boomer's been told that the Trump
administration is closing in on a tariff
agreement with Taiwan with negotiations
entering the final stages. Let's get to
our economy and government reporter, Yan
Lee, joining us out of Taipei. So, looks
like we're close to a deal. Yeah. What
do we know so far?
>> Uh, thanks for having me. Yeah, it seems
that a trade deal between Taiwan and the
United States is close to being
finalized according to some officials in
the United States. And uh it is said
that you know the re the so-called
reciprocal tariff will be lowered from
the current 20% to 50% 15%
uh which is you know in line with u you
know the the rates imposed on Taiwan's
uh regional competi competitors like uh
Japan and South Korea and and also with
the deal uh TSMC you know the world's
largest manufacturers of the most
advanced semiconductor chips uh is going
to increase uh its investments in the US
adding five at least five uh facilities
in Arizona on top of the six already
existed or or planned. Um and so far uh
officials in Taipei and the government
in Taipei has uh have yet to uh confirm
that.
>> And how is this being well how it is
playing out and being received in in
Taiwan? And are there any any potential
implications in a broader geopolitical
situation?
Uh I think it's important to point out
um the the so-called reciprocal tariff
may be less relevant to Taiwan's you
know um overall export performance
because uh estimated like 60 to 70% of
Taiwan's exports to the US are still
exempt from the you know the current uh
u tariffs imposed by Trump
administration because they are now
still under investigation uh the the
section 232 investigation by the US
department of commerce. US but but still
um the by successfully you know lowering
uh the the tariff rate the recip the
reciprocal tariff rates uh I think it's
going to be a a very critical win for uh
the Taiwan's president lie uh you know
in in August when when the 20% um% the
20% re reciprocal rate was announced by
the US it was seen widely seen as a as a
setback by uh for for the uh for the for
the light administration and uh Since
then, uh, you know, the government
Taipei has been saying that they will
continue to negotiate with the US and
try to lower down, you know, the the
tariff rates, but they still haven't
done so. So, um, so, you know, lowering
the rate is going to be a win.
Politically speaking, it's going to be a
win for the line. But at the same time,
we're still seeing people from Taiwan
saying that uh by investing more uh by
by more investments of the TSMC in the
US, it's going to hollow out Taiwan's
economic backbone. Yeah. Oh,
>> President Lan also is seeking to
increase military spending, right, and
purchase more weapons from the US and
that certainly has drawn some attention
from from Beijing.
How much progress are we talking so far?
What do we know at that point on this
point?
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So besides, you know, the
trade talk and the tariffs, uh the
military spending and also the the arm
purchase is another sticking points in
the in the relations between Taiwan and
the US and and so uh in December the US
just approved a record arm sales package
to Taiwan which could worth up to uh 11
billion US and also earlier just earlier
um President Linda also announced that
um he uh will announce Taiwan's military
spending to 5% of the GDP P by 20 2030.
And also uh the government in Taipei has
announced a a record uh special military
budget proposal. But the the the special
military proposal is still being you
know uh is still in limbo because uh the
opposition parties in Taipei which now
hold the parliament which now hold the
majority in parliament uh has been you
know boycotting and block the uh the
special military budget from advancing
for six times. So uh but but you know
the general belief is that under the US
pressure the military spending and and
the u uh special military special
budgets will eventually um you know uh
pass in parliament and and in a phase of
growing threats from China. Yeah.
>> Yly our economy and government reporter
uh with the latest on what we know here
so far. Uh just we leave you with a look
at markets right now including where we
are on the TX index. We're coming off
highs a little bit. So half of 1% still
up though for the day here as far as the
Asian equity story is concerned this
Tuesday
right welcome back. uh Chinese insurers
in focus up I would imagine one would be
because the equity market's doing well
and we've seen a correlation between the
revival of the well the bull market and
of course the the fortunes that somewhat
are realized from a financial
perspective among the insurers apart
from that EPS Morgan Stanley coming out
and basically talking about how the
prospects are also favorable uh from a
fundamental perspective EPS and uh price
to earnings uh continue to see a rally
across the platform stocks even more so
in fact so Baba JD and Matetoan have
really come back. Baba were coming off
highs but still up substantially. Matean
had fantastic day I believe on Monday
pairing some of the gains there but all
things equal. We're doing well across
the benchmarks today.
>> Yeah, I mean you continue to see those
milestones that were hit and we're
extending some of these rallies as well.
When you take a look at the Shanghai
Composite hitting 10-year highs, we're
still watching when it comes to CSI 300
as well as the Chinex at or at least
near those four-year highs. There
certainly seems to be a bit more
optimism to continue here as well. Well,
I mean, just given what you're seeing
with dollar assets, I think that
certainly is maybe, you know, putting
Asia more on the forefront here on the
more attractive destination for risky
assets, that might be reason why to buy
China, for example. But there's more
calls that maybe earnings, right, that
fundamentals are really going to come
back in a big way. If you take a look at
the tech side, healthcare side,
industrials that are still doing well.
>> Yes. Uh, okay. This one just crossing
the Bloomberg terminal right now, just
in time before we go. Uh, Taiwan says it
reaches some consensus with the US on a
trailer. [music] We talked about this
early on. I imagine the next show we'll
talk a little bit more about this
breaking news story. Plenty more ahead
here on [music] Bloomer Television.